you need more customers and there's very
few ways you're going to get them but
I'm going to break down the obvious for
you today and give you some tough love
not only some tough love I'm also going
to give you some information that I
think most entrepreneurs are missing
these are the things the top people in
your industry the people who are killing
it people have so many customers you're
like disgusted by how successful they
are I'm gonna tell you what they're
doing and it's gonna shock you but maybe
you won't what I hope it does is it
wakes you up to some possibilities
hey my name is Charlene Johnson thank
you so much for joining me in this
episode of build your tribe it's the
number one question I get today I posted
to my Instagram stories I'm like hey
what kind of questions would you like
for me to address on build your tribe
anything business side hustle marketing
related talk to me what do you need to
know and you know people phrase it a
bunch of different ways but generally
speaking the consensus was the top
question was how do I get more customers
how do I get more sales how do I help
people to find out about me how do I
make more money selling my thing you
know it's all the same thing all right
so let me tell you you've got three
options just three
number one
you've got to be more well-known in
social media you've got to get more
followers and that's step one like
that's option number one
that requires let's talk about what that
requires because I will get to options
two and options three shortly and
they're the ones that I think are going
to blow your mind but option number one
is get more followers not just more
followers you've got to get targeted
followers who cares if you're getting
like random people who follow you and
are never gonna buy from you we need
people to follow you who want what you
have who are looking for the solution
that you can offer to them
the way that we do that is frankly not
easy
I love to tell you that it is but it's
not it takes so much commitment it takes
a commitment to the algorithm it takes a
commitment to your Niche it takes a
commitment to posting content every
freaking day not just your feed
sometimes multiple times a day but also
multiple times a day to your stories it
takes the commitment of reaching out and
responding to every single person who
leaves you a comment every single person
who leaves you a DM it means interacting
with people who are your ideal Avatar it
takes massive amounts of time I'm not
going to pretend that it doesn't now
there are shortcuts I think one of the
best shortcuts you know Shameless plug
for insta Club Hub is knowing what does
work and what doesn't work and I don't
just mean like to get views because who
cares I mean what does work in terms of
attracting your ideal life or other
person who like you know needs what you
have
and also knowing what works in terms of
like okay once you've got their
attention like what do you do with it
what are you doing with it how are you
getting them on your email list how are
you converting them all of those things
are
they're a beast in the way the reason
why I say they're obese because they're
not hard it's just that it changes
constantly and you ain't got time
because you have to be you have to be
doing all the things so you don't have
time to figure out all the things you're
supposed to be doing and that's what we
do at instaclubhub and listen you don't
have to join our service if you're
trying to figure out social media do
your research and I say this with pure
confidence
I'm very proud of what it is we offer
and I think there's not there's nothing
even close but do your research
and look around but don't do this don't
try to figure it out yourself because
you ain't got time I've been doing this
long enough to be able to take a very
bossy pants kind of stance so this is my
bossy pants kind of stance you ain't got
time for that
because once you know what you need to
do that's going to be a full-time job it
probably already is for you and it's
probably not working out for you because
you're probably doing a lot of things
wrong you're probably doing some things
that are outdated because you're trying
to figure this out yourself but that's
your first option your first option is
to crush it in social media by
attracting the kind of life or who wants
what you offer
and then knowing how to convert them
that's option number one that's how you
get customers okay option number you
know actually I'm going to give you four
options because I really like you I'll
give you four options the fourth option
I think is probably the least likely but
I'm gonna give it to you anyways all
right but let's talk about option number
two
option number two
is learning how to run social media ads
this is an option that is truly
overlooked by so many of you because you
you think oh that's going to take money
to do that yeah it is but it's going to
make you money
some of the biggest most successful
people in Myspace probably in your space
you you probably know they don't even
have much of a social media following
you know why because they're running ads
and hold on you're like well but I can't
afford to do that yes you can let me
change your thinking if you know what
you're doing running Those ads right so
first let's talk about what it means to
have you know what you're doing or
someone else know what you're doing if
you know what you're doing when it comes
to ads it's it's really simple okay let
me State this very basic if you have a
hundred dollar offer and it costs you
fifty dollars of AD spend per day to get
one customer wouldn't you do that all
day long especially if the thing that
you're offering is like a digital
program for 100 if your digital program
costs a hundred dollars
and it cost you fifty dollars a day to
get one customer
when you double your ad spend right so
that now you're saying okay well then
I'll spend a hundred dollars a day to
get two customers like and you the way
that people
make the most amount of money with these
with social media ads is by just pouring
more fuel on the Flames that's what we
do
you know we we take a look at like okay
how can we bring our costs down we do so
much advertising for insta Club Hub
other than like the few mentions that we
do here on build your tribe like follow
me on Instagram I'm Ashley Johnson watch
my stories scour my Instagram feed if
you want you won't see me selling
instaclubhub there I just don't I don't
need to
because it takes a lot of time to do
that
and it it always takes a toll on your
social media like people don't want to
be sold to even if it's you're doing it
the right way so we we do tons of ads
and they're
they are a godsend because we can reach
so many more very very targeted avatars
very very targeted people who are
specifically looking what for what it is
we offer by running ads using the right
look-alike audiences when we get an ad
that works and that's something I'm
going to talk about in this video as
well when we get an ad that works it's
just like we just can't pour money on it
fast enough and yeah the prices go up
and down and up and down but that's the
key you just watch them you just watch
them and if ads not converting if an ad
is not making any money you stop running
the ads so it doesn't cost you anything
okay here what I just said if you're
running an ad and it's not making you
money you stop running the ad so you
don't lose money and you figure out what
you were doing wrong because you were
doing something wrong either the ad
wasn't converting your landing page
wasn't strong your copy was weak there
was something that malfunctioned with
the call to action maybe it wasn't a
strong enough offer maybe your ad wasn't
strong enough like so there's lots of
variables you need to look at and that's
why this first option question is you
figuring out how to run social ads so
what does that look like that looks like
if you're a marketing impact Academy
member get back into the academy and
watch those lessons we just had the
person who runs our ads for all of our
launches Melanie we just had her
training all of our marketing impact
Academy members live inside of our
marketing impact Facebook group if you
are an MIA member please oh my gosh I
just have to say this it's like a public
service announcement if you're an MIA
member
we've been sending you tons and tons and
tons of emails and text messages and I
don't know if you didn't get them and
you need to check your spam folder but
we've just updated the entire course
we've just built a whole new platform
that's going to blow
your mind
and you don't have to pay an extra
dollar because as I've always promised
you once you become an MIA member you're
a member for life
and you never have to upgrade you never
have to pay an extra dollar you and we
just keep upgrading it and upgrading and
adding more content adding more mini
courses and you just get to reap the
benefits which is crazy
I'm not suggesting you should do that
with your business I'm not saying it was
a good business idea but we did it
anyways we've just built a whole new
platform for Mia and if you're an MIA
member you need to log into the new one
ASAP
okay because the old one will be
obsolete we're gonna I don't wanna say
disable it but like take it down soon so
it will be completely obsolete I mean
we'll take care of you for some reason
you are seeing this like long after this
was originally aired but send us an
email if you have any problems at
operations at shaleenjohnson.com you
know what it's time
it's time for you to make a decision to
have better Karma you know what I mean
like customer Karma you're gonna have
better customer Karma if you just take a
moment to subscribe to the channel okay
Brock and I put out this content for you
guys and we're really excited about it
being on YouTube but the only way we're
going to continue to grow and bring you
this incredible content is if you're
generous
with your follow with your subscribe so
click that subscribe button it's free
what are you waiting for why are you
being stingy you want customer Karma
good customer Karma so hit that
subscribe button and don't forget to
click the little bell notification that
way you'll know when the next very
valuable episode has been uploaded I
appreciate it so does Brock thanks so
much all right let's get back to it
anyways back to y'all
um you need to learn how to run one of
your options option number two anyways
is you learning how to run social ads
how can you do this if you're an MIA
member as I mentioned log in and watch
the mini courses on social advertising
if you're not in Mia well then you've
got to self-educate you my
recommendation is go directly to the
source find someone who's got a
reputable course on social media ads
Google ads specifically I think
Instagram ads are probably the way to go
right now Tick Tock ads are pretty dope
too buy someone's course that's up to
date current it's amazing invest in that
because it will save you time and money
or you can you know do the education
Yourself by watching a bajillion YouTube
videos I don't necessarily recommend
that personally I'm I'm a big fan of
like go to the source you know when you
pay you always get something a little
better let's just face it you do you
know all right so that would be my
recommendation and then you've got to
learn it inside and out and and there is
some trial and error right because you
don't know what you're doing but I I
don't mind you learning to do that first
because what I'm going to tell you is
your third option if you do option
number two first it sometimes makes
option number three a little easier okay
so what is option number three
option number three is hiring
an ad specialist I do not recommend if
you're just starting out and you've got
a very like you're like I can't even
imagine how I can afford to do this I
don't recommend using an agency most
agencies are very expensive
they want a minimum retainer per month
most not all but most agencies do most
agencies want a minimum retainer per
month on top of your ad spend
and in some instances they also want a
percentage of your ad spend
I also find not always there's always
exceptions but there are most a lot of
ad agencies they wow you with their
sales pitch and then they bring on their
like their top the person who probably
started the agency the person who like
really knows their right and they
give you that person for like the first
month and then they have an associate
come on who
ah lordy isn't is is probably less
qualified than you would be had you just
watched a bunch of courses on how to do
it frankly I've been doing this now for
you know with ad agencies for I don't
know the last 10 years and it doesn't
matter what kind of agency we work with
that's that's that's what it looks like
but an ad agency is is one option but I
really think you are better off
especially if you're like low low
budgeting this
find somebody who this is what they do a
great place to start you if you're an
MIA member start inside of our marketing
impact Academy group start inside of our
new platform where there's a community
set up for you if you're not an MIA
member then go to upwork.com look for
people on social look for people on
Facebook look for people on Instagram
ask your friends you have friends who
run ads I know you do and you need to
ask them hey do you have somebody Who
You'd recommend now if you're going to
ask me who I recommend I'm not going to
tell you and I I'm just going to be
honest about this because my team right
now they are so maxed out in fact I just
went to Argyle and I said what is it
going to take to get all of your time I
will pay you to fire all of your clients
so you just
have time for us she's that good she's a
freaking amazing but we've had lots of
great ones in the past lots and you will
find someone who's fantastic here's my
recommendation ask about their track
record ask if you can speak to a current
client ask if you can speak with a past
client ask for some assurances ask how
they handle it if your ads not
performing well ask if they really truly
understand your audience your avatar
your voice all of these things because
someone who's really good at running ads
they're also going to give you feedback
on the ad that you're running because
it's not just them running the ad like
your ad has to be good it has to feel
real it can't feel like an ad it has to
feel like just a normal piece of social
content that people are shocked that
it's an ad
do you want me to do a whole episode on
that because like your girl is the queen
and you know what I could do I could
show you samples of all the ads that
we're running that are killing it I
would be happy to do that if that's what
you want comment below this video I want
a video of you showing us your top
performing ads and Brock and I do a lot
of them together those work really well
but if they feel like an ad they don't
work
they have to feel native to uh the
social media platform
and so those are your three options
right so it is spending an inordinate
amount of time growing your social media
account and then making sure everything
you're doing everything correctly that's
number one option option number two is
learning how to run social media ads
paid advertising and I'm not talking
about boosting posts we're not talking
about that that's like Child's Play
option number three is hiring an expert
to do this for you there's so many
hungry people out there that are really
really good at this and you literally
you will likely pay them a very small
like monthly fee very small but it's one
person so it's gonna be very small
likely and then you'll probably pay them
a percentage of AD spend maybe there are
also individuals out there that will
just do this all flat rate if your ad
isn't making you money then we'll stop
running it and or I'll refund your money
like there's lots of different options
out there so don't be afraid to explore
I did promise you option number four
option number four ideally is doing
number one and number three
together
that's when you really start to freaking
kill it when you're not just relying on
social and you're not just relying on ad
spend you're combining those two forces
it makes the ads pop it makes your
social pop and that's when like Worlds
Collide
that's what the people who are doing who
you're like I don't understand like how
are they killing it they're running ads
like
there's somebody in my space
who I absolutely adore and I've been
hearing her name passed around for
forever and people are like do you know
so and so do you know so and so I'm like
no but I just keep hearing this name and
so I looked her up on social I'm like
she can't be killing it because she
doesn't even have any followers I think
I have any engagement like how can this
person be killing it right and then a
friend of mine went to one of her events
and there's like 2 000 people there I'm
like how
she has no social like really all ad
spend
crushing it multi-multi
multi-millionaire
private planes all that and you know
what I really like about that option is
she's not a slave to her phone but it
takes a big healthy dose of faith and
you know what you can start with a
budget of just five dollars a day you
don't have to go huge
just start small have some time have
some faith it does take a while to get
these ads to catch on it's not going to
be overnight it's not going to be in the
first week you've got to build up the
data
and if you'd like I can bring on one of
my favorite social media advertising
Specialists onto the show as well so you
tell me drop your feedback in the
comments and you ask and we'll deliver
hey it's my goal to be brief to be
bright to make it fun and then be done
ladies and gentlemen we're done thanks
for being here see you soon
[Music]
thank you